Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I worked with Molly on this assignment, and we used the pair-programming strategy. Molly and I did not fully understand how object-oriented programming worked in Python so we didn't get the gist of this assignment. Initially, it was a struggle to understand what we were supposed to do, let alone how to do it. At first we just attempted to move code around, and didn't realize that we needed to create an object or a dictionary. While this idea seemed like it would work, we got lots of import erros. We spent two hours of our time on this phase, and didn't make much progress with our code. After speaking with a TA, we learned how to deal with the constuctors and assign attributes. From there, we went to TA hours, and rewrote most of the code to make it object-oriented. After the first TA hours, we successfully managed to add a computer to the inventory, however we discovered in the third TA hours that we never actually made inventory into a dictonary! We discovered this because our inventory wouldn't remove a object (computer). Finally, after learning how to make a dictionary, we completed the assignment! We probably spent around 7 hours total attempting to complete this assignment, including going to three separate TA hours for help. I would tell a student planning to take this course that they should go to TA hours asap. We ended up rewritting almost all of the code.
